# Security and Risk Analysis for 8BTCoin #
The application that I created is not without any potential security risks. As I user I should be able to buy bitcoins and sell them depending on how much currency I currently have. The way you buy and/or sell bitcoins is by using the input field on the buy and sell table. This input checks for simple validations like if it is an integer, or if the number is more bitcoins than you currently own, or if you don’t have enough funds to buy coins. It is not completely sanitized from user input now. As a user I am also able to check how many bitcoins I had on a certain day, or how much cash I had on a certain day buy clicking the “stats” button in the simulator. This does not have any real security risks because you can’t change any of these things from the database.

All user passwords are hashed using the functions from the python module ‘bcrypt’. There is also a secret key that protects my application from cross-site forgery.

As an Administrator I can access the Admin panel (which is only viewable if you are an admin), and I can see every account. From this panel there is a “Delete” button under each user’s name and you can delete and user you want to. This is safe since you need to have admin privileges to even access this page. You also get a warning before you delete an account in order to protect yourself from accidentally deleting an account. Most routes are secure using the python decorator of loginrequired in order to protect unauthorized users from accessing certain pages like the simulator itself. Visitors who are not logged in can only look at the about page, home page, login, and register page. This means they do not have access to the simulator even if they edit the route in the URL page. Overall, I tried to protect the application from things like cross site forgery and unauthorized users editing things, but it is not as secure as it can be.

These security issues can be mitigated by doing simple things like how I didn’t directly query the users input into a database request. I converted it into a string and made sure it was sanitized before I executed the database command. And as previously mentioned I used packages specifically for increased security like bcrypt and adding a secret key.
